this phrase seo copywriting what does
that
mean i hate the phrase seo copywriting
it's usually for me associated with all
that i hate
about copywriting whenever you're
putting seo ahead of the copy itself i
think something's probably gone
amiss seo is a consideration it's not
the end goal
seo is something you bake into the copy
it's something you consider when you
write but it shouldn't be the ultimate
end goal the end goal is not to show up
the end goal is not to rank for a thing
it's to deliver a message and to
communicate some sort of value
if showing up is the end goal if seo is
the end goal i feel like your priorities
have gotten really skewed somewhere
along the way
you